Protect branches on shared repo (#213)
carpentries-incubator/python-intermediate-development: _episodes/41-code-review.md

> the type of development model you use in your project.
> Two commonly used models are:
>
>  * Fork and pull model
>  * Shared repository model
>
> ### Fork and Pull Model
>

> > Where anyone can **fork** an existing repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In this model anyone can **fork** an existing repository
```

> (to create their copy of the project linked to the source)
> and push changes to their personal fork.
> A contributor can work independently on their own fork as they do not need
> permissions on the source repository to push modifications to a fork they own.
> The changes from contributors can then be **pulled** into the source repository
> by the project maintainer on request and after a code review process.
> This model is popular with open source projects as it
> reduces the start up costs for new contributors
> and allows them to work independently without upfront coordination
> with source project maintainers.
> So, for example, you may use this model when you are an external collaborator on a project
> rather than a core team member.
>
> ### Shared Repository Model
>

> > Where collaborators are granted push access to a single shared code repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In this model, collaborators are granted push access to a single shared code repository.
```
